c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\le\TestSpiderApp.exe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\be\TestSpiderApp.exe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\le\TestSpiderApp.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\be\TestSpiderApp.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\TestSpiderApp.exe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\TestSpiderApp.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\le\TestSpiderApp.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\le\TestSpiderApp.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\be\TestSpiderApp.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\be\TestSpiderApp.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.IO.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.System.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.IO.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.System.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.IO.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.System.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.IO.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.System.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.NETMF.IO.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.NETMF.System.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.NETMF.IO.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Hardware.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.NETMF.System.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\TestSpiderApp.Resources.resources
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\TestSpiderApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\TestSpiderApp.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\be\TestSpiderApp.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\be\TestSpiderApp.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\le\TestSpiderApp.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\le\TestSpiderApp.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\TestSpiderApp.exe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\TestSpiderApp.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pdbx
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLed.xml
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.Seeed.Accelerometer.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.Seeed.Accelerometer.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.Seeed.Accelerometer.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.Seeed.Accelerometer.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.Accelerometer.dll
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.Accelerometer.pdb
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.Accelerometer.xml
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\obj\Debug\TestSpiderApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pe
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Net.pe
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pe
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Net.pe
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Net.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Net.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.dll
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Net.dll
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.pdb
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Ethernet_J11D.xml
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.NETMF.Net.xml
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Toolbox.NETMF.Core.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Core.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.HTTP_Client.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Integrated.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Toolbox.NETMF.Core.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Core.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.HTTP_Client.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Integrated.pe
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Toolbox.NETMF.Core.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Core.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.HTTP_Client.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\LE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Integrated.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Toolbox.NETMF.Core.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Core.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.HTTP_Client.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\BE\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Integrated.pdbx
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Toolbox.NETMF.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.HTTP_Client.dll
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Integrated.dll
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Toolbox.NETMF.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.HTTP_Client.pdb
C:\Users\Mike\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestSpiderApp\TestSpiderApp\bin\Debug\Toolbox.NETMF.NET.Integrated.pdb
